Use english messages as message ids (#37)
creativecommons/cc-licenses: README.rst

How the license translation is implemented
------------------------------------------

> First, note that translation is done use two sets of files. Most things use the built-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, note that translation uses two sets of files. Most things use the built-in
```
